<srcset setid="exper2016" srclang="any">
<doc docid="1" genre="news" origlang="en">
<seg id="1">

China Network May 4 news (reporter Shang Yang) January 12, 2016, General Secretary Xi Jinping delivered a speech at the plenary session of the CCDI, the People's Daily today published the full text. "Why rule the world? Hearts of the people it! How world chaos? Lost much popular support it!", "Will teach the world, must be his home, his body will be positive," "New Song hate thousand feet high, evil shall be cut bamboo pole Wan "...... General secretary speech allusive, described in simple terms, China network reporter inventory below.

Hoe and a harm to the public seedlings, a punishment of evil and the people Wyatt

General Secretary pointed out that severely punish corrupt elements, to strengthen the pursuit of stolen goods work. "Hoe and a harm to the public seedlings, a punishment of evil and the people Wyatt." We insist there must punish corruption, corruption will have Su. At the same time, we place in efforts to solve the grassroots and the masses around malpractices and corruption, so corruption is the wind to bring more people to get flu.

Why rule the world? Hearts of the people it! Why the world is chaos? Lost much popular support it!

General Secretary stressed that the people are the biggest political justice is the strongest force. The so-called "rule the world why? It was the people! How world chaos? Lost much popular support it!" Public sentiment is to observe political issues barometer. Anti-corruption enhances people's trust and support of the Party, the people spoke highly of.

Blacksmith need its own hardware

General Secretary pointed out that building a moderately prosperous society to win a great victory decisive phase, lies in the party. "Blacksmith need its own hardware" is our solemn commitment to the party, when we make our comprehensive set a military order.

New Song hate thousand feet high, evil shall be cut bamboo pole Wan

Referring to "engage in small hills, pulling a small circle of the CPC Central Committee decision to deploy double face, to achieve personal political ambitions and unscrupulous" question, the general secretary said that these problems are big problems of the party and the country's political security, do not politics? Also you need evasive, reticent about it? "The new song hate thousand feet high, evil shall be cut Wan bamboo pole." If you do not evils, a sign of trouble will be the resurgence of a comeback, not only the deterioration of the political environment, it will seriously damage the party and the people.

Do good deeds, but not as small, small and whom not to be evil

"Do not forget the little things, for small and whom not to be evil." The general secretary said that if the start whisper, pulling the sleeves, in terms of very strict discipline that allows many people to avoid illegal? The formation of such a phenomenon in the past, is not against the law degree we can be "inclusive", "tolerance", charged with this matter on the illegal. This is the party cadres and irresponsible.

Without fire

General Secretary stressed that many cadres from the grassroots level, to grow up slowly, finally destroyed, without fire. There will be signs of a problem before, why not in time to help them understand and solve the problem? This requires the discipline at the very front.

Will teach the world, must be their home, their body will be positive

General Secretary said that many leading cadres not only in the foreground vigorously money, but also the families of connivance in the background money money-making, and other children also use parental influence in business to make money and big hair ill-gotten gains. Some will be accumulated over the years in politics "contacts" and "face", as used in children of illegal profit, the harm can not be underestimated. The ancients said: "The world will teach, will their homes, their body will be positive." "Do not use San Ye, waste grades death house." "Intention should not be offended in the world, the good kind words and deeds to stay with children and grandchildren."

Easy gradually pouring wind, difficult to go Chunhua

General Secretary also stressed that pragmatic, hardworking marginalized, ambitious, quick success like a duck. This trend is not corrected, it is not reversed, a large contingent of cadres of mass destruction. "Easy gradually pouring wind, Chunhua difficult to go." Purify the political environment with natural ecosystems, like restoration, not a short span of time, a comprehensive facilities strategy, to promote synergy.


</seg>
</doc>
</srcset>
